And the first thing in the C Ss we're going to say this is going to be hash tag poort we know this and
we're going to say padding 40 pixels like this all around.
And I have a background.
And this is going to be hash tag see 1999.
Here is a great one.
And then I'm going to right away away got this work I'm right.
So remember this was the whole article.
So here I'm going to say work.
And then first we're going to say position route and the position relative was actually for this overlay.
Right.
So in order to get this effect right we need position relative for the whole box.
And then over here Disney I mean the one that's actually disappearing and appearing right this is going
to be absolutely right.
So just remember that then we all have position.
We're here for the whole world.
Then for the whole thing is going to say grown linear gradient and that's going to create this effect
that as we're hovering right there is going to be dark more here effect.
Some the r g b c this is going to be 0 0 0 here and not let's say 7.
It's almost black.
Another one are G-B a 0 0 0 0 point seven here.
Right.
So now can see what happens right.
So this is going to be on the back right of the image.
And right now we're going to do is we are going to send this one on like this and we're here to say
for the actual work we're going to say max height and let's leave it at 300 pixels.
Right so this shouldn't be more than 300 pixels.
We're here to say more were going to say radius and we're going to save five pixels.
That's for around the edges and maybe actually look more than 10.
Then after that or here we're going to have a margin and we're going to say 10 pixels and zero willingness.
And then the last thing is going to be over here a overflow.
Hidden.
But again we're going to write it here overflow and over here here.
And again this is going to be for the actual text text when it's actually going to be appearing from
the bottom right.
So make a comment that this is going to be Image overlay.
Just so you remember why we're actually doing this because obviously right now nothing changes.
If we had an image of it then or here we would want to start working with an image some of them say
port folio and I'm going to say image or here I'm going to have display block like this first then I'm
going to say with and without one actually 100 percent to see what happened.
I'm basically the image right now is going to be 100 percent and then again you are going to have a
max height and are going to say 300 pixels 300 pixels on this.
And then after that we would want a cursor and we're going to say pointer's So as we're actually hovering
around the image right this would be cursor pointer and then we're going to say we're here a passerby
and we're going to set it equal to one and then we'll have a transition or transition transition we're
going to say this is going to be a opacity and we're all going to say two seconds is this and then let's
go to hovering effect.
So I'm going to support forwell image here hover in or here what we would have is very simple.
We're going to say opacity zero point four as we're actually hovering.
All right.
So this is what happens right now I can see that they are passing the changes or the text.
However Greg you can see that as the opacity changes the background comes into play.
Or here we can actually do a maybe a little bit different it.
So instead of max height here right we can try it out what will happen with men.
Men height all here and now you can see that it totally goes over the actual image.
Right.
So this is how we can actually change it from men height let's say over here right.
So now we're saying this is actually going to be 300 pixels right.
And this over here is now going to be more than 300 pixels.
Now we're here to go back all here and you can see that if I don't have this over head and had you can
see this this little text be peeking out right.
But if we actually come on this right now you can see that it actually disappeared.
Now after that what we would want to do is we would want to actually going to start working with this
image overlay and how this would actually work.
Right.
So here what I'm going to say first is I'm going to say is MCCLYMONT class image we're like this.
And remember when we had position relative over here right.
This is going to be position and this is going to be absolute like this.
You going to have a bottom here and we're going to say we're here zero and you know what let's go back
over here and I can see where it is right.
So now we have an absolute right.
But now we place it all the way or here at the bottom.
And what we want to do is now we would want a left or so 0 say left and left.
We're going to say zero here but now we need to put some mark on and on here the same thing right now
is do a with of 100 percent with.
We're here with Hundred percent.
And then over here we're going to have is a height of hundred pixels on here like this.
Right.
So we made this whole thing hundred pixels high.
All right.
So you can see or hear this line.
This is your 100 pixels.
And again it's an arbitrary value you can use whatever you want.
Actually you're your.
And the next thing that we would want to do is actually have a margin bottom of negative hand.
Right so basically that's push down.
So I'm going to see or hear margin bottom and I'm going to say negative hundred pixels right.
And obviously the way it works is if the height over here is a hundred pixels right.
What I'm doing here is pushing it all the way down.
And again if I go back over here and come and this more flow here in right you can see where is this
guy right.
So I push it down but if the old hit is not set and actually would actually still be shown.
Right.
So therefore we're using or hit it and let's leave it for now just so we can see what we're.
What other things we're having right.
Otherwise if I'm going to hide it right you're not going to be able to see and I get and we can do two
ways right.
We can actually uncommon this one with maybe not not have the margin yet right.
So let's go here to margin bottom let's uncommon this one right.
You can see where we still have this thing right.
And what we're going to have is we're going to use a flex property.
So we're going to say we're here first of all.
First of all this play and we're going to say flex on here.
Right and I can see that side by side.
Then we're going to have a justified content space on here between then we are going to have a a line
and we're here we're going to say a line items Santror because I want to place them both in the middle.
This.
Then after that we would want is actually a padding zero top bottom but 20 pixels on the sides.
So here now I can see that we actually push them on each side.
And then after that we would want a background.
And again really your choice of color what would you want is 1 4 7 1 4 7 1 4 7.
Right so the gray one or here and then what we want is actually transition right.
So I'm going to say on here transition and we're going to transition margin I'm going to see margin
two seconds ease on here he's right.
And what's going to happen over here is obviously read knowledge's do the margin bottom line let's actually
common this out.
Right.
And I can see that we have a modern bottom.
If I said on here you can see now this disappears.
However if we're going to go back to more cover I'm going to say work over here.
When I say image overlay over here I'm going to say margin bottom zero real like this.
So now this is only had to happen as I'm hovering right.
So as you can see as I'm hovering You can see the first of all the background changes and or here it
appears right and the same or the same or.
Right.
And if we go over here right this should also work the same or here.
Now the next thing we want to do is actually work with these values right with a heading three with
a phantasm or here with an actual button.
Right.
So what I'm going to do here again we're is going to commandeers guy out right so we can see actually
where it is.
And let's add some styles.
So I'm going to say image overlay and I'm going to say this is going to be let's say starting with you
know what now let's do image text image text and I'm going to say heading 3 right.
And what should be on here first I'm going to say this is going to be text transform and we're going
to say uppercase then we're going to have a font size 20 20 pixels here then we're going to have a margin
bottom five pixels using this color.
We're going to use a hash that F5 F5 F5 and this.
And now let's go over here to the font.
Awesome.
And when you say image delay and we're going to say Funtown some on here like this and we're going to
have a font size over here and this is going to be 30 pixels.
And then over here we're going to say this is going to be a color and we're going to use the blue color
so I'm going to say or hear a hash tag right.
So this is going to be hash tag and this is going to be a to b and 0 9 8 0.
Right so now we have the blue color that we're going to have a padding and pixels.
Then over here we're going to have a background and this is going to be hash like F5 F5 F5 here like
this.
And then we have a more a radius of 50.
So I'm going to say border right here is 50 percent.
Knowing this and then I got to we're going to have this separate transition or here for this guy.
So I'm going to say transition in order here I'm going to say Trents forum on here two seconds is right
and the background is here two seconds is either here right.
I always say this.
And now we're going to go to actual hovering effect right.
So I'm going to say image here we're away and we're going to say from some one here like this and then
we're going to say for a hovering right we're going to have my core here and we're going to say how
we're all going to ride over here.
We're going to say transform this say transform and this guy we're going to transform to translate Why
so translate why we're here and we're going to say negative pixels.
So as we were hovering over it's actually going to move up and pixels and that this is going to be a
different ground.
So the macaronis hashtags Zero Eight two to three eight or a year and all you can see what happens right.
As you can see as I'm going to be hovering right this is what's going to happen.
And then after that we would want a section button section here between this and here we're going to
say text online.
Going to say Center Yes and that over here I'm going to say a margin I don't know where this is going
to be 20 pixels here then this is going to be zero and all of this is going to be 10 pixels.
Right.
And over here this is going to be another zero.
And actually I'm already starting to apply styles to something that I didn't create in IMO in a very
actually bottom right.
We actually would need to create a button.
So let's go back over here and here you can see that section right.
This is going to be the end of portfolio.
All right.
Well we're going to do here.
We're going to say that this is going there's going to be a section button some say we're here and this
is going to be div where the class of Section really between press tab over here we're going to have
a link and we're going to press tab with the link hashtag over here and are going to have a far far
hour here and this is going to be a light bulb.
Oh and we're going to press time again and our hero is going to write simply that this is going to be
X or more projects more projects.
Right.
So we say again the amount.
And now this should actually work.
Right.
So we'll then have a section between.
So it's going back on here.
And we have a section between tax law and center margin like this right.
And then let's add some more styles or here for the actual link.
So what I'm going to say here is I'm going to say very simple and this is going to be section between
a right to know I'm working with going on here I'm going to say this play and we're going to say in
mine block this and we're going to have a padding 0.5 AMS like this and you can see what we're working
on here right.
And then we'll will have a text decoration.
None here and there we're going to have a font size 30 pixels.
Then after that we're going to have here a color and color is going to be EF 5 5 5 5.
And the background and the background is going to be the moon.
So we're going to hashtag to be 9 8 0 here so have zero blue background and or here are going to have
a transition again.
Right.
So I'm going to say background 2 seconds.
He is.
And then we're going to have a caller.
Two seconds is he is here.
So both of those things are going to change.
So let's go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be section or here section and this
is going to be between a and we're going to have our own or here we're going to write a color.
And again this is going to be the blue color print so we can just grab this guy over here and copy and
pasted over here and then we're going to have a background.
5 5 5 1 here.
So basically it's going to be the opposite way.
Right.
So now I can see this is going to be white and this is going to be that afternoon.
Let's do one last thing.
I'm going to say a section on here between a class of F A and font size let's say 40 40 pixels or we're
all going to say margin right.
And this is going to be 10 pixels.
So basically we just pushed this guy a little bit away from from the actual text and now we're actually
ready to go back over here where we are uncommon in margin bottom.
Going back over here.
Now it's going to be coming in.
And now let's add some media queries.
So this would be responsive.